I just don't spend that much time just
sitting there in my room like I think
I'm Way better than this guy or I'm like
this guy shits on me
oh we're almost done with the first week
of na LCS here on the 2018 season with
coverage presented by Omni slash I'm
joined right now by medius who is made a
oh can you I say it's a triumphant
return you played last year but you were
kind of only half playing I don't know
yeah you can call it that sounds good so
what we've ever had a chance to talk
since you came back what is different
about this year versus last year because
it does feel like and everybody kind of
told me you were doubling down on your
commitment and really dedicating to LCS
whereas it was a little different last
year right right so last year I actually
wasn't planning on playing at all I was
going through some personal stuff and I
didn't really feel like I had the right
mindset to play like I wouldn't really
want to be on the team just for the sake
of being on a team and letting my
teammates down that kind of stuff so I
thought I'd be distracted what's not
planning on playing so I then um while I
wasn't playing I was approached by p1
because they needed like an emergency
sub and the first time they asked me I
was like nos are not really interested
and they asked me again Jax like you
know I think it'd be really cool of you
to do this so I said okay I'll play
certainly was just a one weekend thing
and then we did really well like I think
we too owed beat cloud9 that kind of
stuff and so they just kept asking me to
play and so I like I told them from the
beginning I was like you know I don't
think I'm a good choice I'm not looking
to play full-time right now I'm not like
in a great place mentally I haven't
really been practicing but if you
absolutely need me to play I will and
they were like yeah that's cool and you
know they were really accommodating they
didn't really ask much of me and it just
kind of worked out and then this year
I'm just ready to get back into it you
know a lot of those things I was going
through last year aren't really around
anymore
so yeah straight keep I can do it yeah
yeah so what what was the problem what
did you always kind of know that as the
p1 stuff was winding down or as season
ended that you're like okay next year is
when I'm coming back or was there kind
of an epiphany at what point did you
decide you wanted to play and actually
really you know reintroduce yourself to
the LCS kind of the same way you used to
play before I would say that
when franchising started getting talked
about a lot more is when I was kind of
like swishing back into the competitive
gear but I will say that when it became
2017 I basically just told myself I was
like okay this whole year is just kind
of an off year like I'm just gonna chill
this year
try to focus on myself personal stuff
and just kind of chill out because going
so hard for so long it just burns you
out and then yeah as we was becoming
closer to 2018 single it franchising
stuff I was started playing so low-key
more yo there it is honey are we still
doing an interview afro okay see in a
bit yeah and then uh basically when p1
didn't make it into franchising I
started getting offers some other teams
and that's when I figured like yeah you
know this is gonna be my future so time
to take it a little bit more seriously
yeah so what what is different about the
media set is competing in 2018 Marcelin
competed in 2016 2015 it cetera well I'd
like to think that as time goes on I'm
just getting more mature trying to
become a better team a better player so
yeah I'd like to think that every split
I just grow up a little bit more and I
just try to be a good teammate like
someone that my teammates want to play
with I think a lot of people didn't know
how to place hundred thiefs going into
this this weekend yet now you've had
such a dominant starts especially
beating CLG which I think a lot of
people had high expectations for what
how do you feel about how this has gone
down for you and and are you surprised
at all by the success and then for the
first week or is this is this what
people should be expecting out of
hundred thieves every week let's see I
wasn't really expecting to be super
dominant or anything I haven't really
screamed every single team haven't seen
many teams play a lot of the new rosters
so I'm happy we got a good start but I'm
not really thinking too much about it
just gonna keep trying to work on our
team make sure we're like improving a
communication or teamwork
getting good reads on the meta and just
improving having a good time so if I
really like my teammates like they're
all super chill easy to work with and I
really enjoy practicing like look
forward to scrims look forward to LCS so
it's good time coming out of what was a
pause in your career how do you feel you
measure up against the other junglers
right now a lot of people ask me that
and I don't know question
I mean I understand why they ask me but
I just don't spend that much time just
sitting there in my room like I think
I'm Way better than this guy or I'm like
this guy shits on me I'm just kind of
not too concerned about that stuff I
think it's better for the fans to you
know compare players and I just try to
like make sure I'm getting better
you're better than dar doc and Spence
care but you're better than I'm just
trying to come up with a bunch of stuff
to give no I I mean it's just it's
interesting here you say that just
because I know a lot of other people try
to you know they think a little bit
about where they're placing but for you
it doesn't it's you don't have junglers
that you think are kind of like a
difficulty for you and you don't have
junglers that you think you can roll hmm
I think a lot of the jungle roll is just
how well you play with your team that
kind of stuff so I usually find myself
thinking more about teams in their
entirety than just like the specific
jungler I think most of junglers in na
LCS are actually really good I don't
think there's any jungler that I'm like
yeah you know this guy's a joke he's
gonna get rolled so I think the
competition is pretty good and I'm just
not too distracted with like ranking
myself I kind of should finally talk to
me about sort of what has happened to
your for a long time there was a stable
cloud9 roster now that roster is kind of
all over the LCS right like you've got
obviously high on golden Guardians got
lemon places you're here and obviously
the guys that have remained on c9 so
what what is it like for you sort of
having these guys on the other teams is
it fun to play against them do you not
even think about it you know what do you
think of that situation I think it's a
lot of fun to play against my former
teammates I think that we spent so much
time together on cloud nine that we're
always gonna have like this sort of bond
with each other
even if we don't talk every day you know
when I was walking by highest he was
setting up and I was coming off like you
know we chatted we like joked around so
we're always gonna be friends and it's
cool to play against him and I hope they
do well anything you want to say to any
of the hundred thieves or meteos fans
out there thanks for the support and
we're gonna keep winning very good thank
you so much for the interview it's good
to have you back in full form and fully
committed to the NA LCS this year and
congrats on the really really good start
to the split for anyone else you can
check out the rest my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel I wanna say thank you so much
for the support and watching my content
if you want to you can subscribe and
you'll see more omni slash sponsor -
brought to you by content right here on
my channel